;
; BIND data file for local loopback interface
;
$TTL    604800
@       IN      SOA     simpledemo.onap.org. admin.simpledemo.onap.org. (
                        20170221        ; Serial
                         604800         ; Refresh
                          86400         ; Retry
                        2419200         ; Expire
                         604800 )       ; Negative Cache TTL
;
; name servers - NS records
    IN      NS      simpledemo.onap.org.

; name servers - A records
simpledemo.onap.org.          IN      A       dns_ip_addr

;
vm1.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.       IN      A       aai1_ip_addr
c1.vm1.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN      A       aai1_ip_addr
c2.vm1.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN      A       aai1_ip_addr
c3.vm1.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN      A       aai1_ip_addr

vm2.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.       IN      A       aai2_ip_addr
c1.vm2.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN      A       aai2_ip_addr
c2.vm2.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN      A       aai2_ip_addr
c3.vm2.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN      A       aai2_ip_addr

vm1.appc.simpledemo.onap.org.      IN      A       appc_ip_addr
c1.vm1.appc.simpledemo.onap.org.   IN      A       appc_ip_addr
c2.vm1.appc.simpledemo.onap.org.   IN      A       appc_ip_addr

vm1.sdc.simpledemo.onap.org.      IN      A       sdc_ip_addr
c1.vm1.sdc.simpledemo.onap.org.   IN      A       sdc_ip_addr
c2.vm1.sdc.simpledemo.onap.org.   IN      A       sdc_ip_addr
c3.vm1.sdc.simpledemo.onap.org.   IN      A       sdc_ip_addr
c4.vm1.sdc.simpledemo.onap.org.   IN      A       sdc_ip_addr

vm1.dcae.simpledemo.onap.org.           IN      A       dcae_ip_addr
c1.vm1.dcae.simpledemo.onap.org.        IN      A       dcae_ip_addr
c2.vm1.dcae.simpledemo.onap.org.        IN      A       dcae_ip_addr
c3.vm1.dcae.simpledemo.onap.org         IN      A       dcae_ip_addr

vm1.mso.simpledemo.onap.org.       IN      A       so_ip_addr
c1.vm1.mso.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN      A       so_ip_addr
c1.vm1.mso.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN      A       so_ip_addr

vm1.policy.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c1.vm1.policy.simpledemo.onap.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c2.vm1.policy.simpledemo.onap.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c3.vm1.policy.simpledemo.onap.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c4.vm1.policy.simpledemo.onap.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c5.vm1.policy.simpledemo.onap.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c6.vm1.policy.simpledemo.onap.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c7.vm1.policy.simpledemo.onap.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr
c8.vm1.policy.simpledemo.onap.org. IN      A       policy_ip_addr

vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.onap.org.      IN      A       sdnc_ip_addr
c1.vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.onap.org.   IN      A       sdnc_ip_addr
c2.vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.onap.org.   IN      A       sdnc_ip_addr
c3.vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.onap.org.   IN      A       sdnc_ip_addr
c4.vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.onap.org.   IN      A       sdnc_ip_addr

vm1.vid.simpledemo.onap.org.       IN      A       vid_ip_addr
c1.vm1.vid.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN      A       vid_ip_addr
c2.vm1.vid.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN      A       vid_ip_addr

vm1.portal.simpledemo.onap.org.           IN      A       portal_ip_addr
c1.vm1.portal.simpledemo.onap.org.        IN      A       portal_ip_addr
c2.vm1.portal.simpledemo.onap.org.        IN      A       portal_ip_addr

vm1.robot.simpledemo.onap.org.           IN      A       robot_ip_addr
c1.vm1.robot.simpledemo.onap.org.        IN      A       robot_ip_addr
c2.vm1.robot.simpledemo.onap.org.        IN      A       robot_ip_addr

vm1.clamp.simpledemo.onap.org.           IN      A       clamp_ip_addr
c1.vm1.clamp.simpledemo.onap.org.        IN      A       clamp_ip_addr
c2.vm1.clamp.simpledemo.onap.org.        IN      A       clamp_ip_addr

vm1.aaf.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	A	aaf_ip_addr
vm1.aaf-sms.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	A	sms_ip_addr

vm1.mr.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	A	mr_ip_addr

vm1.openo.simpledemo.onap.org. IN  A   openo_ip_addr

vm1.music.simpledemo.onap.org. IN  A   music_ip_addr

vm1.oof.simpledemo.onap.org. IN  A   oof_ip_addr

vm1.nbi.simpledemo.onap.org. IN  A   nbi_ip_addr


;CNAMES
;A&AI
aai.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN 	CNAME 	vm1.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.
aai.ui.simpledemo.onap.org.    IN  CNAME   vm1.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.
aai.searchservice.simpledemo.onap.org.     IN      CNAME   vm1.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.
aai.hbase.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN 	CNAME	vm2.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.
aai.gremlinserver.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN 	CNAME 	vm2.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.
aai.elasticsearch.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN 	CNAME 	vm2.aai.simpledemo.onap.org.

;APPC
appc.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.appc.simpledemo.onap.org.

;ASDC
sdc.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.sdc.simpledemo.onap.org.

;DCAE
dcae.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.dcae.simpledemo.onap.org.

;SO
mso.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.mso.simpledemo.onap.org.

;Policy
policy.api.simpledemo.onap.org. 	IN	CNAME	vm1.policy.simpledemo.onap.org.

;SDNC
sdnc.api.simpledemo.onap.org. 	IN	CNAME    vm1.sdnc.simpledemo.onap.org.

;VID
vid.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.vid.simpledemo.onap.org.

;PORTAL
portal.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.portal.simpledemo.onap.org.

;Message Router
mr.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.mr.simpledemo.onap.org.
ueb.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.mr.simpledemo.onap.org.
dbc.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME  	vm1.mr.simpledemo.onap.org.
;drprov.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME  	vm1.mr.simpledemo.onap.org.

;CLAMP
clamp.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.clamp.simpledemo.onap.org.

;ROBOT/SNIRO
robot.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.robot.simpledemo.onap.org.
sniro.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.robot.simpledemo.onap.org.

;AAF
aaf.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.aaf.simpledemo.onap.org.
aaf-sms.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.aaf-sms.simpledemo.onap.org.

;OPEN-O
msb.api.simpledemo.onap.org. 	IN	CNAME   vm1.openo.simpledemo.onap.org.
mvim.api.simpledemo.onap.org. 	IN	CNAME   vm1.openo.simpledemo.onap.org.
vnfsdk.api.simpledemo.onap.org. 	IN	CNAME   vm1.openo.simpledemo.onap.org.
vfc.api.simpledemo.onap.org. 	IN	CNAME   vm1.openo.simpledemo.onap.org.
uui.api.simpledemo.onap.org. 	IN	CNAME   vm1.openo.simpledemo.onap.org.
esr.api.simpledemo.onap.org. 	IN	CNAME   vm1.openo.simpledemo.onap.org.

;MUSIC
music.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.music.simpledemo.onap.org.

;OOF
oof.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.oof.simpledemo.onap.org.

;NBI
nbi.api.simpledemo.onap.org.	IN	CNAME	vm1.nbi.simpledemo.onap.org.
